
To generate a new test case:

1. Write your program into a `.s` file in "bare" MIPS assembly with the following restrictions:
   - This program should not contain any pseudo instruction (a good way to obtain such a program is to cut and paste the assembly of your MIPS code as displayed by `XSPIM`).
   - The file should contain a single function because `getControlFlow` works a single procedure and does not process inter-procedural control transfers.
   - For the examples in this README file, assume that the file containing your bare `.s` file is `tests/Students/MyCoolTest.s`

2. Run the following command to generate a `.bin` file: `expect assemble.exp tests/Students/MyCoolTest.s tests/Students/MyCoolTest.bin | sed '1,7d' | sed '2d'`. To generate the `.bin` for several tests (these tests should be either in the directory `tests/Students` or `tests/TeachingStaff`), you can execute the script `compileTests.sh`.

3. To run your own test case against your own solution, you can use the provided `runTest.sh` script. A typical run would be as follows: `./runTest.sh 0 0 MyAwesomeSolution.s tests/Students/MyCoolTest.bin > tests/Students/MyCoolTest.out`. The two first parameters (`0 0`) specify if the program should skip edges or dominators (read comments in the script). The third parameter is the file name of your solution to the lab (without including a `main`). The fourth parameter is the name of the file containing the binary for your example that you generated in step (2) above. The line above also redirects the output to a file.

4. You should be able to now submit your new test, generated in step (2), to CheckMyLab. In this example, the test case file is `MyCoolTest.bin`

5. The solution that you need to submit to CheckMyLab **must** also include a `main` program. Thus, the easiest way to generate a solution to be checked by CheckMyLab is to executed the `runTest.sh` script, as described in step (3) above. The script creates a file called `testBuild.s`. This file contains both your solution and a common `main` code that can read a binary file and call your subroutine. Thus, the file that you want to submit to CheckMyLab is this `testBuild.s` file generated by `runTest.sh`.   
